feat: Allow rendering custom content into any heatmap cell (#172)
koesterlab/datavzrd: README.md

| color-scheme        | Defines the [color-scheme](https://vega.github.io/vega/docs/schemes/#categorical) of the heatmap for nominal values                                                                                                             |
| range               | Defines the color range of the heatmap as a list                                                                                                                                                                                |
| domain              | Defines the domain of the heatmap as a list                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| aux-domain-columns  | Allows to specify a list of other columns that will be additionally used to determine the domain of the heatmap. Regular expression (e.g. `regex('prob:.+')` for matching all columns starting with `prob:`) are also supported. |

> | custom-content      | Allows to render custom content into any heatmap cell. Requires a `function(value, row)` that returns the value that will be used for the heatmap.                                                                                | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| custom-content      | Allows to render custom content into any heatmap cell (while using the actual cell content for the heatmap color). Requires a `function(value, row)` that returns the text value that will be displayed in the cell.                                                                                | 
```
